We face a climate crisis. We must meet it with bold action. Mike will reduce our carbon dependency and move America toward a clean energy future.
Georgia - Hear Sharmaine's story about an issue that affects families in communities across our country. She joined Mike in his fight for gun safety "Mike Bloomberg has fought the NRA and we're winning"
Texas - Hear Diana's story about an issue that affects families in communities across our country. Learn why she says Mike is "the only person who actually stood up to the NRA. The only one who's taken action. He will get things done"
Utah - Hear Kait's story about an issue that affects families in communities across our country. Learn why she supports Mike and believes that he will "get something done" on gun safety.
As president, Mike Bloomberg will expand health care to everyone.
Maternal mortality is on the rise. Mike Bloomberg has a plan to fix it and expand access to care for every American.
Firefighters risk their lives to keep our communities safe—yet climate change is making wildfires more severe and more common. Mike is committed to confronting climate change and ensuring we expand our ability to combat and prevent wildfires.
No more climate deniers in the White House. Mike Bloomberg will restore real leadership on climate change.
Mike Bloomberg led an effort that helped shutter MORE THAN HALF of the dirty coal-fired power plants in the United States.
Vaping is an epidemic. Donald Trump sides with Big Tobacco, but Mike Bloomberg is taking them on to protect our kids.
Mike will take on Trump and beat him. He’ll build on Obamacare, expand coverage, and stand up to GOP attacks on our care.
Wildfires devastating communities across the country — and climate change is making them worse. That's why Mike has a plan to tackle climate change head-on while taking bold action to protect our communities.
Trump killed environmental protections — undermining protections to stop animals from going extinct. Stand up to defend our planet and Mike fight the war on science.
It's time to rejoin the Paris Agreement and lead the world to fight climate change.
Mike Bloomberg will expand access to health care, lower costs, and protect Americans with pre-existing conditions.
Wisconsin - Gun deaths affect families across our country. That's why Mike took on the NRA — and won. As president, he'll keep fighting to keep our communities safe.
Nobody should have to choose between their money and their life. Mike Bloomberg will lower costs and expand access to care.
Virginia - Hear Brenda's story about an issue that affects families in communities across our country. Learn why she says Mike is "relentless in believing we can do something to make America safer"
Shelley Mcmahon knows the impact of gun violence firsthand. She believes that "Mike will get laws past and keep our children's safer".
The Super Bowl ad everyone is talking about is an issue we can no longer ignore: gun violence. That's why Mike Bloomberg helped pass lifesaving laws across the country. He took on the NRA — and won. As president, he'll keep fighting to keep our families safe.
Maternal mortality is on the rise—and the rate is 4x more for Black women. That’s wrong. Mike Bloomberg has a plan to fix it.
California - Stockton Mayor Michael Tubbs knows the impact of gun violence firsthand.  Hear his story and why he's supporting Mike Bloomberg.
Maternal mortality is on the rise—and it's worse for Latinx women. That’s wrong. Mike Bloomberg has a plan to fix it.
Mike has led the fight against climate change throughout his career — cutting emissions and improving environmental quality. As president, he'll do even more— restoring our climate leadership and making the fight against climate change a national priority.
In case you haven’t heard, our planet is going to s%$! As president, Mike will make climate change a national priority.